BRR it's cold outside sort of well it's
pretty cold out today and I thought why
not make a video of that fashion because
I have to tell you I am a huge fall and
winter fan I love it I love snow I love
yous I love everything that comes with
fall and winter so I thought today I
would make a fashion video I would say
that my style is kind of classic and
kind of classy I really like I really
like fall and winter because everyone
gets so dressed up and we put a coat on
you just look like you're so much more
dressed up so i love i love the
different seasons and so yes these are
just a few options that I'm saying that
I think are nice for fault I don't
necessarily follow trends that are
current or anything like that I try to
try to do kind of timeless stuff so
here's just some of my my opinions um
yeah that's about all I have to say new
makeup videos are coming very soon I've
got a couple ideas and if you guys have
any requests please let me know but yeah
let's get on with this video I'm so
excited to show you my outfits all right
alright so here is the first look that I
have for you and it's really simple we
definitely wear it to school or you know
pretty much anywhere it's very UV I just
put on some jeans their old afro
american eagle and a sweater it's like a
v-neck from target I got a few years ago
and scarf that I really like to study
with two two tones in it so it's kind of
fading into my sweater um but yeah I
love wearing scarfs in the winter and
the spring and fall that easy would
pretty much they really dress up an
alpha and makes you look really nice and
in star shoes I'm just wearing some like
flat sneaker type Q Caesar and even
though they are but they look so there's
a number one
right so that's out that I have to the
same top and i added tights and a tweet
and miniskirt and fits I love wearing
skirts and boots in the winter and fall
so much fun and you're like secretive or
two especially if you have thicker types
on right now has some thin ones on it's
still fall but I would normally probably
we're really thick tights with you with
this outfit and with the boots that go
up about just below my knee and makes
pretty warm too so this is how i would i
would go out i would also probably add a
coat so i have the black wool coat and I
ran it put it over like this oh my love
of this is that
and when you hold it close right you
boys they just a little bit absurd and I
really kind of like that I think what's
really dresses up the option to shorter
coat would probably work slightly better
but I left this two are going more
casual I would probably do it because
navneet I've chatted like this this
jacket I go out this summer actually for
twenty dollars at marshalls and i think
thats amazing deal this jacket down
I love that it's great bridge because so
much fun so that's this outfit I'm gonna
foursquare
alright so have another outfit here in
sooner off but I really like to wear the
fall kind of it's warmer in the fall she
has I've got just a long sleeve shirt on
my arms here and I paired it with this
whole best than in today's pockets and
it's just kind of look at tweed look I'm
hearing with the same boots jeans Lana
before and I really like this because I
think it looks tough fun playful and
covering a go jumping beans which I told
you you have no doubts i'm sure yeah i
think this is a pretty comfy outfit
okay it's the last outfit that i have
here I just I left the bottom by the
same the jeans and the boots and I took
a roughly yellow t-shirt that I have
what I got at marshalls short sleeve and
I just put this cardigan over it Koreans
are a lifesaver for fall and Victor they
can really dress up or dress down an
outfit to come a Polish you want this
really calm head dresses down the ruffle
and I don't feel so much like up a whole
human shirt with this um and it the
thing I love about cardigans that you
just changing your often so I've got
this brown brown this is blue I have a
blue cardigan here
I couldn't take it off and put a green
one on and my luck will look completely
different so fascinating about cardigan
is is mixing and matching them so you
don't have to have you know a bunch of
different outfits you can keep you down
the same base and change the Kernighan
and then what's great about cardigans
that can later open up its really and I
think so I might take my orange jacket
like that's what flying put the orange
aku focus whole look there's another
your work mom you can even put hyland i
love hats
colorful I really like two powerful and
fall and winter just because I don't
wanna look I'll black bow tie and lenna
yeah simple little knit wool hat here
night I made this the stakes I have a
bad day that's and knock it off i wanted
to try something outfit you know maybe
padlock hope that I have on
hold its layered up layer down at a
scarf that's about it yeah and that's
all I have to say so thank you guys so
much for watching if you like these
videos let me know and I'll make more
videos like these I had a really good
time doing this so I hope you like them
again this is just my my opinions and
what I like to do for fall and winter so
thank you guys so much for watching and
I hope you all have a great day see you
soon